Enable BNB multi-backend support (#31098)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/chameleon.md

### Quantization using Bitsandbytes

> he model can be loaded in 8 or 4 bits, greatly reducing the memory requirements while maintaining the performance of the original model. First make sure to install bitsandbytes, `pip install bitsandbytes` and make sure to have access to a CUDA compatible GPU device. If you want to run bitsandbytes on CPU or other devices, please follow the [instruction](https://huggingface.co/docs/bitsandbytes/main/en/installation). Simply change the snippet above with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The model can be loaded in 8 or 4 bits, greatly reducing the memory requirements while maintaining the performance of the original model. First make sure to install bitsandbytes, `pip install bitsandbytes` and make sure to have access to a CUDA compatible GPU device. If you want to run bitsandbytes on CPU or other devices, please follow the [instruction](https://huggingface.co/docs/bitsandbytes/main/en/installation). Simply change the snippet above with:
```

> he model can be loaded in 8 or 4 bits, greatly reducing the memory requirements while maintaining the performance of the original model. First make sure to install bitsandbytes, `pip install bitsandbytes` and make sure to have access to a CUDA compatible GPU device. If you want to run bitsandbytes on CPU or other devices, please follow the [instruction](https://huggingface.co/docs/bitsandbytes/main/en/installation). Simply change the snippet above with:

Reviewer 2: Probably `instructions` too, but could be clarified a bit more.
```suggestion
The model can be loaded in 8 or 4 bits, greatly reducing the memory requirements while maintaining the performance of the original model. First make sure to install bitsandbytes, `pip install bitsandbytes` and make sure to have access to a CUDA compatible GPU device. If you want to run bitsandbytes on CPU or other devices, please follow [these installation instructions](https://huggingface.co/docs/bitsandbytes/main/en/installation). Simply change the snippet above with:
```
